# Cplusplus-Program
# For this problem I was tasked with incorporating python with C++, while getting user input to print an interger that is eventually doubled and a multipllication table with the given value multiplied up to 10. On top of all of this I needed to create a menu for easy navigation for the user. In completion of this project I think I did a ton well but I would say I am most pleased with my functioning menu. I struggled a bit with menus at first with other coding languages, and being able to create a menu that calls the python functions as many times as the user would like without any issues was big for me. The python part of the coding was tricky at first because I found myself using C++ syntax at times, but for the most part was fairly cut and dry to accomplish. I could enhance my code by turning my menu into a function by itself and seperating it from main(). I think seprating functions makes code easier to read by clearing code out of main and then just calling the function in main. The most challenging portion of the code came with the python portion because if there was an error in that portion then whenever you would build your code the errors would not show until you ran the program. I made this project maintainable, readable, and adaptable by providing inline comments and using proper formating for readability. My program is maintainable but also adaptable because the python functions used in the menu can easily be manipulated to do something else but the menu would still function the same. 
